Release Notes for the Scone Knowledge-Base System
Author: Scott E. Fahlman <sef@cs.cmu.edu>
===========================================================================
User-visible changes from 0.8.22 to 0.9.0:
===========================================================================
This (0.9.0) is the first version released internally under git
version-management.  Older versions are still available, but will be
migrated to an archive subdirectory, and eventually to cold storage.

The Scone User's Guide (SUG) is now (I believe) up to date for 0.9.0.
Thanks go to Amos Ng and Natassia Kornilova for spotting
discrepancies. Even though I preach about keeping documentation up to
date at all times, the SUG fell behind during the extremely
high-pressure period in which changes were driven by the IARPA
Metaphor program.  Now that this project is just a bad memory, I hope
and expect that we will keep the SUG up to date for each tagged
release.

There may still be some discrapncies between the SUG and the code that
we didn't catch.  Please report any that you find.  

Note that some of the links between the crib sheet and index at the
end and the code may be messed up for now.  This will be fixed
sometime...  It's a big pain to maintain this in Word, and I'm
thinking of moving the SUG to InDesign.

The old LOOKUP-ELEMENT-PREDICATE has been renamed LOOKUP-ELEMENT.  The
old LOOKUP-ELEMENT has been renamed LOOKUP-ELEMENT-OR-DEFER.  That is,
(LOOKUP-ELEMENT {FOO}) will now return NIL if {FOO} has not yet been
defined as an element.  This is in preparation for removing the defer
machinery altogether.  It is a kludge and is currently only used in
the "bootstrap" KB file.

Eliminated the :HINTS argument from DISAMBIGUATE and the various
LOOKUP-ELEMENT functions.  This was just a place-holder until we would
work on real disambiguation.

Fixed a bug found by Anastassia: several of the "x-inverse-of-y"
functions were not actually finding the inverse -- a cut-and-paste
error, now fixed.

Some new control variables in the code were not documented in the SUG:
*CHECK-DEFINED-TYPES*, *CREATE-UNDEFINED-ELEMENTS*,
*DEDUCE-OWNER-FROM-TYPE-ROLE*, and *COMMENT-ON-INFERRED-KB-CHANGES*.
This omission has been fixed.

Every call to COMMENTARY now puts the comment string on a line of its
own, so the caller doesn't need to do that unless extra spacing is
desired.  This was inconsistent before.

Modify IN-CONTEXT so that it does nothing if the requested context is
already the *CONTEXT*.

The SUG description of NEW-INDV-ROLE and NEW-TYPE-ROLE was incorrect
and inconsistent.  In one place there was some text describing a planned
update that got sidetracked; in another place, the text was correct
but out of date for some arguments.  I have updated the SUG to
describe the current state of the code, but the quantification
machinery for these functions is messed up and will soon be replaces.

Most element-creating functions have a keyword arg :META, which is not
really used anywhere.  This was a quick-and-dirty kludge for attaching
things like probabilities and provenance to statements and
world-models -- needed briefly for one past project and never really
implemented right.  We will need this capability eventually, but will
do it in a more thoughtful way.  For now I've ripped that stuff out.

Went through the KB files in the release and made the header
information consistent.

Split *comment-on-inferred-kb-changes* into
*comment-on-element-creation* and *comment-on-defined-types*.  The
former is T by default.  It can be verbose, but catches lots of typos
and false assumptions about what is already in the KB.  The latter is
NIL by default.  It can be useful for debugging mysterious additions,
but can be annoyingly verbose when loading files that are known to be
correct.

